README.md, before:

# Stroke extraction based on ambiguous zone detection

## Introduction
This is an implementation of the paper by Su, Z. et al. [^1]. The ultimate goal is to recover dynamic information of handwritten Chinese characters using stroke extraction method based on ambiguous zone detection.

## Method
The general representation of the entire process is as depicted in the flowchart below:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Preprocessing] --> B[Feature point detection];
    A[Preprocessing] --> C[Contour extraction];
    subgraph Ambiguity detection
        B[Feature point detection] --> D[Ambiguous zone identification];
        C[Contour extraction] --> D[Ambiguous zone identification];
    end
    subgraph Stroke extraction
        D[Ambiguous zone identification] --> E[Graph representation];
        E[Graph representation] --> F[Continuity analysis];
        F[Continuity analysis] --> G[Stroke path searching];
        G[Stroke path searching] --> H[B-spline interpolation];
    end   
```


## Reference
[^1]: Su, Z., Cao, Z. & Wang, Y. Stroke extraction based on ambiguous zone detection: a preprocessing step to recover dynamic information from handwritten Chinese characters. IJDAR 12, 109–121 (2009). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10032-009-0085-9

Commit message:

Added new thinning algorithm.
Added new parallel iterative thinning algorithm with new B odd function in utility. Updated README.md

README.md, after:

# Stroke extraction based on ambiguous zone detection

## Introduction
This is an implementation of the paper by Su, Z. et al. [^1]. The objective is to recover dynamic information of handwritten Chinese characters using stroke extraction method based on ambiguous zone detection.

## Method
The general representation of the entire process is as depicted in the flowchart below:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Preprocessing] --> B[Feature point detection];
    A[Preprocessing] --> C[Contour extraction];
    subgraph Ambiguity detection
        B[Feature point detection] --> D[Ambiguous zone identification];
        C[Contour extraction] --> D[Ambiguous zone identification];
    end
    subgraph Stroke extraction
        D[Ambiguous zone identification] --> E[Graph representation];
        E[Graph representation] --> F[Continuity analysis];
        F[Continuity analysis] --> G[Stroke path searching];
        G[Stroke path searching] --> H[B-spline interpolation];
    end   
```


## Reference
[^1]: Su, Z., Cao, Z. & Wang, Y. Stroke extraction based on ambiguous zone detection: a preprocessing step to recover dynamic information from handwritten Chinese characters. IJDAR 12, 109–121 (2009). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10032-009-0085-9 
[^2]: In-Jung Kim and Jin-Hyung Kim, "Statistical character structure modeling and its application to handwritten Chinese character recognition," in IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, vol. 25, no. 11, pp. 1422-1436, Nov. 2003, doi: 10.1109/TPAMI.2003.1240117.
[^3]: N. A. Shaikh and Z. A. Shaikh, "A Generalized Thinning Algorithm for Cursive and Non-Cursive Language Scripts," 2005 Pakistan Section Multitopic Conference, 2005, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/INMIC.2005.334387.
[^4]: J. Dong, W. Lin and C. Huang, "An improved parallel thinning algorithm," 2016 International Conference on Wavelet Analysis and Pattern Recognition (ICWAPR), 2016, pp. 162-167, doi: 10.1109/ICWAPR.2016.7731637.
